you
what would I do for a Klondike bar not a
damn thing since I've got a whole box
right here this is going to be my
response to damon's latest offering and
challenge wars Damon tried to catch me
with that good old mouthful of altoids
they were minting they were fresh but
they just didn't beat me and since it is
national dessert month better way to go
then with some good old-fashioned
klondike bars ice cream pretty much ice
cream sandwiches hard as hell but let's
see my response is going to be the
entire box tarbox as quickly as you can
get them or a slowly as you can get
Oh
make sure you don't choke on a cookie
drop a little piece but I believe in the
five-second rule
you
and my camera decided to screw with me
in the middle of that I still have one
and this left I call some major
shenanigans but I'm not going to quit
middle of number five
six are in all right Damon what would
you you it's your turn come back with
the six klondike bars I don't see what
you can come up with next time catch you
later and stay hungry